Add the deprecat message of Resolve-Error alias (#10289)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Accounts/Accounts/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * Add the deprecat message of `Resolve-Error` alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a deprecation message for `Resolve-Error` alias.
```
